---
layout: archive
title: "The Effects of Family Planning Program on Gender Equality in Humcan Capital"
authors: Sujin Lee, Ga-eun Lee, Sok Chul Hong
collection: research
permalink: /research/2019-FP/
---

with Ga-eun Lee and Sok Chul Hong

<b>The paper is preliminary and incomplete. Please do not cite.</b> 
[[Working Paper version]](http://sujinhome.github.io/files/2020_family_planning.pdf)
[[Slides]](http://sujinhome.github.io/files/paper1.pdf)
[[Results with codes]](http://sujinhome.github.io/files/paper1.pdf)

### Abstract

<p style="text-align:justify">During the 1960s through 1980s, the South Korean government carried out an intense family planning program which played a substantial role in decreasing the fertility rate. In this paper, we estimate the gender-specific effect of the family planning program on educational attainment and occupational outcomes using a difference-indifferences method. The data used are the Population and Housing Census, and records of the achievements of the family planning program. Our findings indicate that an increase in supplies of oral pills reduces the gender gap in educational attainment and possessing a professional career. A key mechanism is that the decreased number of children within a household may alter the investment in each child’s education, which affects their decision of having a professional career in the long run. We then discuss potential channels through which family planning program led to the increased investment in female education. This paper is about the gender-specific effects of family planning program on human capital.</p> 
<br> <br>
<b>Key words:</b> family planning program, gender equality, educational attainment
