---
layout: archive
title: "Mandatory Closure of Large-sized Supermarkets"
collection: research
permalink: /research/2020-MC/
---

with Jaecheol Lee and Marco Gonzalez-Navarro. 

[[Full paper]](http://sujinhome.github.io/files/paper2.pdf)
[[Slides]](http://sujinhome.github.io/files/paper2.pdf)
[[Results with codes]](http://sujinhome.github.io/files/paper2.pdf)

### Abstract
<p class="text-justify">In South Korea, large-sized supermarkets (LSS) are mandated to close on the second and fourthSundays of every month. The aim of this policy is to help small- and medium-sized foodmarkets (SMM) and traditional markets, including corner stores and smaller supermarkets, aswell as small commercial areas increase their sales. The South Korean government argues that this mandatory closure policy has generally been successful. Nevertheless, there are voicesthat criticize the policy for two reasons: first, that SMMs cannot be substitutes for LSSs; andsecond, that it restricts consumer choice, which in turn damages consumer welfare. This paperestimates both the substitution effect and the welfare change of this policy. Exploiting the LSSclosures as an exogenous shock, we designed a difference-in-difference setting.  Our resultsshow that the sales loss of LSS amounts to XXX USD, XX%of which was substituted bySMM. It turned out that the biggest beneficiary was department store that experienced the saleincrease of XXX USD, substituting XX%of the LSS sales decrease.  We also analyzed thepolicy impact on small commercial areas, which showed the sales increase of XXX USD. Thewelfare loss due to the mandatory closure is estimated to be worth about XXX USD.</p>

<b>Key words:</b> mandatory closure, consumer welfare, substition effect
